Welcome!
Welcome to “Machine Learning Classification: Telecom Customers Churn Prediction”. This is a project-based course which should take approximately 2 hours to finish. Before diving into the project, please take a look at the course objectives and structure: 
Course Objectives
In this course, we are going to focus on the following learning objectives:

1.       Understand the business case study

2.       Understand the theory and intuition behind Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, Random Forest, K-Nearest Neighbor, and Naive Bayes Classifier models

3.       Import key Python libraries, dataset, and perform Exploratory Data Analysis

4.       Perform interactive data visualization using Seaborn and Plotly

5.       Prepare the data to increase the predictive power of Machine Learning models by Feature dropping, plotting Feature importance, and Train/Test Split

6.       Build and train Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, Random Forest, K-Nearest Neighbor, and Naive Bayes Classifier models to predict the churning of Telecom customers

7.       Calculate AUC score and ROC curve from the trained models

Course Structure
This course is divided into 3 parts:

1.       Project Overview: This introductory reading material will walk you through the project

2.      "Telecom Customers Churn Prediction" : This is the hands-on project that we will work on in Rhyme

3.       Graded Quiz: This is the final assignment that you need to pass in order to finish the course successfully

Project Structure
The hands-on project on Telecom Customers Churn Prediction is divided into following tasks:

Understand the problem statement and business case

Import libraries/datasets and perform Exploratory Data Analysis

Perform Data Visualization

Prepare the data before model training

Train and Evaluate a Logistic Regression model

Train and Evaluate a Support Vector Machine Model

Train and Evaluate a Random Forest Classifier model

Train and Evaluate a K-Nearest Neighbor model

Train and Evaluate a Naive Bayes Classifier model

Compare the trained models by calculating AUC score and plot ROC curve
